There is some JSON data which gets derived from Factorio game files; 
see DATA-README for the commands used to do that.  They work on Linux,
and they make assumptions about where steam installs games on Linux;
those paths will need to be adapted slightly to work on Windows.

Once the data is ready, there are two "frontend" scripts: prod.pl and tech.pl.

tech.pl lists the set of required technologies you must research to get
to a certain point.  It also calculates the number of science packs (of
each type) consumed during this resource process.

prod.pl lists the production chain required to achieve a certain amount
of production of the given item.

Tech.pl example:

$ perl tech.pl 
prerequisite advanced-electronics-2
prerequisite advanced-electronics
prerequisite electronics
prerequisite automation
prerequisite plastics
prerequisite oil-processing
prerequisite steel-processing
prerequisite rocket-speed-5
prerequisite rocket-speed-4
prerequisite rocket-speed-3
prerequisite rocket-speed-2
prerequisite rocket-speed-1
prerequisite alien-technology
prerequisite rocketry
prerequisite electronics
prerequisite flammables
prerequisite oil-processing
prerequisite explosives
prerequisite sulfur-processing
prerequisite oil-processing
prerequisite speed-module-3
prerequisite speed-module-2
prerequisite speed-module
prerequisite modules
prerequisite advanced-electronics
prerequisite productivity-module-3
prerequisite productivity-module-2
prerequisite productivity-module
prerequisite modules
---
alien-science-pack: 2600
science-pack-1: 4370
science-pack-2: 4280
science-pack-3: 2300

By default, it lists the requirements for researching the rocket silo
research goal.

If you wanted to list the requirements for researching the tank
(military vehicle), you would run:

$ perl tech.pl tanks



Prod.pl example:

$ perl prod.pl                 
---
advanced-circuit: 2
copper-cable: 80
copper-ore: 80
copper-plate: 80
electronic-circuit: 24
iron-ore: 24
iron-plate: 24
plastic-bar: 4
processing-unit: 1
sulfuric-acid: 0.5
---
advanced-circuit: 16
copper-cable: 40
copper-ore: 40
copper-plate: 280
electronic-circuit: 12
iron-ore: 12
iron-plate: 84
plastic-bar: 2
processing-unit: 15
sulfuric-acid: 0.25

This contains two listings.  The first listing is how much of each
resource must be produced, in units per second.  The second listing is
how many factories (or chemical plants, furnaces, etc) of each type are
required to maintain that level of production (in the absense of any
other consumers for the intermediate resources).

By default, it lists the requirements for producing one processing unit
(blue circuit) per second.

If you want to calculate a production chain which creates 10 logistics
robots per second, you would run:

$ perl prod.pl logistic-robot 10

If you want to calculate a production chain which creates a rocket silo
once every 1000 seconds, you would run:

$ perl prod.pl rocket-silo 0.001

